RHDEVDOCS-5238: pipelines-as-code configuration and token scoping (#60197)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-installing-pipelines-operator-in-web-console.adoc

The supported profiles are:

* Lite: This installs only Tekton Pipelines.

> * Basic: This installs Tekton Pipelines, Tekton Triggers, and Tekton Chains.

Reviewer: do we install chains as well for Basic profile :thinking:

Reviewer 2: Yes

> * All: This is the default profile used when the `TektonConfig` CR is installed. This profile installs all of the Tekton components: Tekton Pipelines, Tekton Triggers, Tekton Chains, {pac}, and Tekton Addons (which include `ClusterTasks`, `ClusterTriggerBindings`, `ConsoleCLIDownload`, `ConsoleQuickStart` and `ConsoleYAMLSample` resources).

Reviewer 3: In each module, CR needs to be defined in the first use instance, i.e. "custom resource (CR)"

> * All: This is the default profile used when the `TektonConfig` CR is installed. This profile installs all of the Tekton components: Tekton Pipelines, Tekton Triggers, Tekton Chains, {pac}, and Tekton Addons (which include `ClusterTasks`, `ClusterTriggerBindings`, `ConsoleCLIDownload`, `ConsoleQuickStart` and `ConsoleYAMLSample` resources).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* All: This is the default profile used when the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR) is installed. This profile installs all of the Tekton components, including Tekton Pipelines, Tekton Triggers, Tekton Chains, {pac}, and Tekton Addons. Tekton Addons includes the `ClusterTasks`, `ClusterTriggerBindings`, `ConsoleCLIDownload`, `ConsoleQuickStart`, and `ConsoleYAMLSample` resources.
```

Reviewer 3: Avoid parenthesis
